Update anchoring guide (#390)
exonum/exonum-doc: src/advanced/bitcoin-anchoring.md

falsified. The discrepancy between the actual Exonum blockchain state and the
one written to the Bitcoin blockchain will be found instantly.

> This document describes the **anchoring service operable with Exonum v0.10+**.

Reviewer: 0.10?

  anchoring transaction and the hash of the corresponding Exonum block. The
  first anchoring transaction in the chain uses the UTXO of the funding
  transaction

> - Every validator has an external sync [util][btc_anchoring_sync] that

Reviewer: I'd use "synchronization utility" instead of "sync util".

  anchoring transaction and the hash of the corresponding Exonum block. The
  first anchoring transaction in the chain uses the UTXO of the funding
  transaction

> - Every validator node has an external sync [util][btc_anchoring_sync] that

Reviewer 2: Nit: Here and in some other places, you use "validator" - although, if I understand correctly, anchoring is no longer performed necessarily by the blockchain validators. I'd use introduce a term like "anchoring node" and use it instead.

  creates containing a new proposed anchoring transaction and its vote for
  said transaction. The validators commit these transactions to
  the Exonum blockchain
- When such transaction is executed, its signature is stored in the
  corresponding anchoring service table. When the number of signatures for the
  same anchoring proposal reaches `+2/3` value, said anchoring transaction
  appears in the table of anchoring transactions
- A sync [util][btc_anchoring_sync] performs synchronization between Exonum
  network and Bitcoin network for availability of uncommitted anchoring transactions
  and sends all such anchoring transactions to Bitcoin. Therefore, even if some
  committed anchoring transactions are lost from the network due to a fork,
  the handler will send them to Bitcoin once again.

## Setup and Configuration

Anchoring requires additional
[global and local configuration parameters](../architecture/configuration.md) to

> be set. [Here][newbie-guide] you can find setup and deploy guide for newbies.

Reviewer 2: Why isn't this called simply a setup guide? As far as I see, there are no other setup guides 🙃

Reviewer: It's because of me. When I wrote it, there was a primary (outdated though) setup guide which had much less details. So I called it a "guide for newbies", since it was detailed to the last command. But later it became the primary thing, but was not renamed...

!!! tip
    It is strongly advised to have a separate bitcoind node for more than one
    anchoring node; otherwise, the single bitcoind node is a
    centralization point and presents a weakness in the anchoring process.

#### Bitcoin Private Keys

Every anchoring node should possess its own secp256k1 EC keypair in order to
participate in the anchoring process. The private key should be strongly
secured.

#### Synchronization with Bitcoin Blockchain

A separate [utility][btc_anchoring_sync] periodically performs
the following actions:

1. Creates a signature for a new anchoring transaction. The utility takes the
  actual anchoring transaction proposal by the node private API, signs this
  proposal by the corresponding Bitcoin key and sends this signature back to the
  anchoring node. Anchoring node creates a new vote transaction from this signature
  and broadcasts it to the other nodes.

2. Synchronizes the list of Exonum anchoring transactions with those committed

>   to the Bitcoin Blockchain. The utility the latest anchoring transaction and checks

Reviewer: > The utility the latest anchoring transaction

?

#### Synchronization with Bitcoin Blockchain

A separate [utility][btc_anchoring_sync] periodically performs

> two actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following actions:
```

> - Creation of a signature for a new anchoring transaction. The utility takes the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creates a signature for a new anchoring transaction. The utility takes the
```

  actual anchoring transaction proposal by the node private API, signs this
  proposal by the corresponding Bitcoin key and sends this signature back to the
  validator node. Validator node creates a new vote transaction from this signature
  and broadcasts it to the other nodes.

> 

Reviewer: Isn't empty line between list elements breaks the list?

Author: No, list looks good in preview.

> - Synchronization of the list of Exonum anchoring transactions with those committed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Synchronizes the list of Exonum anchoring transactions with those committed
```

#### Synchronization with Bitcoin Blockchain

> A separate [btc_anchoring_sync][btc_anchoring_sync] utility periodically performs

Reviewer 2: Nit: `btc_anchoring_sync` should be code-formatted, although I'd remove the name altogether and linked from "A separate utility" instead.

two actions:

> - Creation of a signature for a new anchoring transaction. It takes the actual

Reviewer 2: Nit / grammar: It -> The utility

  anchoring transaction proposal by the node private API, signs this proposal by
  the corresponding Bitcoin key and sends this signature back to the validator
  node. Validator node creates a new vote transaction from this signature and
  broadcasts it to the other nodes.

- Synchronization of the list of Exonum anchoring transactions with those committed

>   to the Bitcoin Blockchain. It takes the latest anchoring transaction and checks

Reviewer 2: Nit / grammar: It -> The utility

However, the network does not check the number of confirmations for the
provided funding transaction; it is the administrators’ duty.

## Maintenance

> Fresh and full maintenance guide you can alway find [here][maintenance-guide].

Reviewer 2: Grammar: I'd rephrase as "The maintenance guide is here" (or "...can be found here").

- [Get the actual anchoring address](#actual-address)
- [Get the following anchoring address](#following-address)
- [Get an anchoring transaction](#get-an-anchoring-transaction)

> All REST endpoints share the same base path, denoted **{api_prefix}**,

Reviewer 2: We've generally moved to describing HTTP API in the corresponding crate, because it's easier to keep it updated and test it this way. Do I understand correctly that testing the anchoring service endpoints that way would require non-trivial effort?

Author: Anchoring crate already has API endpoints description, but not such verbose as here.

> ### Actual Address

Reviewer 2: Do you plan to describe private endpoints?

Author: No, I don't think because this is an internal implementation details and the end user should not know about such details.
